Hi, people, I 'm here today to teach.
plus a hair tutorial and it 's pretty easy
and I'm sure you'll love it
For starters I got a headband that I
I have here at home is very simple is a
black watch
but you can use anyone who
are you at home have had more
cute and looks better but he does not
it will show up a lot not then it will not do
much difference
I split my hair to one side and
I put it depends now I'm learning
with the clips for him not to stay
slipping
you can divide in the middle as you
Jorge prefer that side will be more
cute that does not close the stipulated
now that you arrest him by using that same
tactic I used in that video is
how to make boxes without the glee punch
shopping etc and such if you have not yet
watched watch worth much to
feather
just click the box on the other side
which will open a new window and if you
did not watch the simple I just get a
hair and pass through the inside of the
red band for pick up mexico pick up the
part of mexico you had already passed and
one more piece
I go until about half an
after half the level in the
middle of the head because as I said before
I want to comb my duel now you're a fan.
the group on that side that repeated the same
thing
on this side of hair
I'm not a boy who goes through the rest of
hair by roberto regente is very easy
This does not even take much time.
I do not need much practice either because
Actually, I've never really given up on this.
part of air and leave hair all
right and I just played there and
I started doing the hairstyle that I like
kind of messed up well
It was so in the end is if you want
You can leave it so I think it 's cool.
now from the well i'm going to get it
my hair is going to braid
called fishbone there are people talking
of fish bed I speak spine of
fish is very easy to do only you
split hair that caught a
rear fuse of first but of great
move on and stay with the 2nd
march I think I'm explaining
half balanced but in tip video
in the south
I even repeated the case on the other side.
Look, take a lock from behind the first
mexico 27 frentinha and together with another
part of your hair and now it's with the
back
the second part does not disturb the second
part three in the first part of the
hair
The more china the marchinha you get
to bring on a more legal side
Stay braided I did not take care of this.
I got more or less the same amount
and average quality but how much more
coolest female I'm going to do
that up to half in the hair
ready comes the hair will caught the
child of the one who harvests what
do you think in any pharmacy and
to hold
now that the company has dropped again
between things to my braid because I
I think it gets a lot cooler like this
is your team more then, but then
nothing and this is the hairstyle you can
spend here to state my hair is
much then how much more better here
hairstyle ready now you can stay
I liked it down here and I 'm sure
What did you like?
share with your friends and
subscribe to the channel people who do not have
no news of a good car
a kiss and until the next jackal video